at libraries (***)
yeah
course are come,Geography Language
the the what
you are all the way
I don't know.
(***)
Actually I would, but I didn't think of that. .
i wouldn't know
Universal Studios.
I was close
This think to run where a
The bare
The while
Oh, I wouldn't know that. With, that's a lot of my research. I need to add that.
I
so new as she i saw, so remember that one now
I knew
name-name me for us
name-me like foods special to scream
so,knew
yeah
yep
It's sight the like the square, not square but like... wait.
Oh, it's wait
it's It's the fried one.
It's the fried one.
yeah it's to rhinos
I got the fried part right.
yeah...
I ,I  do that.
ok
building something lives, changing something lives
Right? Am I right?
I was close.
Something like that.
No,Not really you can saw I didn't wait what was that one like?
No mind,I forgot what I was going to say.
(***)
(***) it used to be like the smaller.
That's  second smallest and then they built like
(***)
Yeah!
Yeah
They cut the added artificial lands features speaken of
yeah
Yep
name
Oh...course are cut sheet
Shoot. Wait. Osaka kid. Osaka kid. Wait.
osaka
It's over for me. It's over. Kick me out of J-Bowl now.
I miss
Oh, I remember.
I knew that.
I, I just didn't say (***) like, love looks really passionate about this.
I want a few are states made us me
yeah
Oh! There's Boondrock.
And then they  have Manzai, but it's smaller.
Those high shoulders.
(***)we has close.
I'd use(***) and I'd use it also.
shows he
name it puppeteer,Nin Ninjoe joe
joe,joe something three
Ninjo Joe?
Ninjo joe
shows joe
Really?
I have it,have a italicized my notes. I know that.
Yeah
that's a puppet right? Ninjoes
Okay, and? And? and?
In what context?
So? so?
Okay.what?
Okey